LogChunks: A Data set For Build Log Analysis

LogChunks: A Data set For Build Log Analysis in 17th international conference on mining 
software repositories (MSR'20) was published in ber 5-6, 2020 in seoul, Republic of Korea,
ACM, New York, Ny,USA,by Brandt, Caroline E, Panichella, Annibale; Zaidman, Andy; Beller, Mortiz.
In software engineering (CI ) Common Integration is being  used  very oftenly to catch bugs
or improve developer productivity  and communication logs are being generated by CI build which
reports several sub-steps in the build, and contains variable information for developers and 
researchers but these build logs could not be very friendly to human because of being a large data
that is hard for human to get working with.
For the sake of ease for making the use of information within build logs for developers and researchers.
these must be something that would semi automatically receive the chunks of log that give the targeted
information.
These are different techniques to receive information chunks from CI build logs.
Beller et al uses scalar based system of regular expression to analyze logs from Travis.
These expression are developed by looking at exemplary build logs.
Verssallo et al. gathher build repair traits recently, Amar et al. reduced the code for developers and 
creadted difference in failed and successful logs.
These attempts have their streangth and weekness, Regular expression are certain but can be boring
and hard to maintain.Custom papers are powerful without any doubt but so fragile at the same
time. Considering the diff between failed and successful log is at least best semi automatic.
There is only researcher's  evidence on these techniques. No data has been discovered that
would support their creation of building log analysis techniques.
Sim et al. gives the chance of increase the scientific maturity of area of build log analysis
by evaluating and comparing research contributions.
Thus, in this paper Logchunks were personified, a collection of 787 labeled Travis CI build logs from 80
highly popular github repositories in 29 Programming language labeled by why they failed.
The set provides the key words for the authors for searching labelled LogChunks.
