

	#How Graduate Computing Student Searches when using an programming langugae


In october 5-6,2020 in seoul, korea, ACM ,New York, NY, USA, ICPC, International  conference
on program comprehension was  held by Gina R.Bai, Joshua Kayani, and Kathryn T.stolee.
Developers have to master in multiple language to write software code.
Studies have shown you can learn a language prior to the language you have learnt, because
when learning a new language, programmers look for the smiliar concepts relating to what
they have learnt before, but the syntax differs that is what cause the difficulty in searching
the code.
developers often go to code search to find code examples, to learn and improve during 
development activities. 
The reason for this survey is to understand  how and why developers search while performing
daily work. 
To develop new search codes or improve in existing search codes recent studies have shown
the code search  in difficult for ensuing language learners and code search during normal
activities.
In this survey our main target are students who has less experience, like when they go for 
a job and are asked to do  the work they are completely unfamiliar with.
This methodology involves, keeping an eye on search browsing activities and surveying about
their current task  similiar to prior work.
where we ask participants whether the search was successful or not. Prior human studies with
code search were not indicated exactly what is successful method for code search because 
code search does not work out well when it comes out to solving a large data.
All these differences between experienced developers  and students shed light on how we may be
able to  train subsequent language learners to use searching better in their workflow or build a 
better search tool to facilate more successful search.
we analyzed why participants search during programming their goals were to find specific goals
libraries, classes/APIs, methods/functions.

most of the participants said they search for the correct syntax during software development.
we studied how graduate student search while solving programming tasks in a new language, 
experienced developers implements their code using more feature and libraries, tutorials have been more 
successful in searching code.
Developers frequently borrows terms from familiar language for an unfamiliar language.
Borrowing queries term have been more successful than typical query on average.